chore: Update CHANGELOG (#390)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ## [0.3.0] - 2002-12-12

Reviewer: Please add the link to the footer list below and update the Unreleased link in the footer as well.

[Full changelog](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/compare/v0.2.5...v0.3.0)

This release comes with a few big changes:

### Support for v1.1 JSON Schema

- You can now write your models in the [new DSL](https://github.com/openfga/rfcs/blob/type-restriction-dsl/20221012-add-type-restrictions-to-dsl-syntax.md)
which the Playground and the [syntax transformer](https://github.com/openfga/syntax-transformer) can convert to the
JSON syntax. Schema v1.1 allows for adding type restrictions to each assignable relation, and it can be used to
indicate cases such as “The folder's parent must be a folder" (and so not a user or a document).
- This change also comes with breaking changes to how `*` and `${type}:*` are treated:

>   - `${type}:*` is no longer allowed as a user in the relationship tuple field when targeting schema v1.0, validation 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `${type}:*` is no longer allowed as a `user` in tuples when targeting schema v1.0, validation 
```

Author: Had a release party rewrite. Thank you!
